h1. Introduction

Thank you for downloading the XLsuite code base.

XLsuite started it's days in 2005 as a business management platform for my 
Christmas lighting company "weputuplights.com":http://weputuplights.com/

The goal was to provide a business management system that could be expanded 
to service installers in other parts of the country as my business grew.

As it evolved, we designed it in a way that was more generic so that it would 
fit the needs of other businesses outside the scope of just lighting installers.

In 2007, "Rick Stonehouse":http://rickstonehouse.com/, a Vancouver real estate agent got involved in the 
project and had us add functionality relating to managing his real estate 
business, which is where the real estate listings manager came from.

At the time of this writing (Jan 2009) XLsuite runs a growing network of 
community focused websites for Rick as well as business websites for dozens of 
clients in multiple business verticals including Fisheries, Contracting, 
Real Estate, Hospitality, Publishing, Arts, Health, Internet Marketing, 
Education, Media and Manufacturing.

The platform has been designed to encompass many of the _best practices_ around 
marketing and client management including many social media functions, 
e-commerce and communications modules.


h1. Dual Licenses

The application is licensed under a dual license, both a GPL v.2 open source 
license as well as having a commercial license available for those interested 
in commercializing the application.

This is part of a Win / Win philosophy that encourages benefits for designers 
and developers who can share in the fruits of our labors as long as they also 
share their work, or some of the financial gain they derive from our efforts.

We encourage everyone to explore our partner program which is designed to 
provide a revenue sharing model that pays ongoing dividends from income 
generating work that you have contributed.
 
The intent of the GPL license is to allow designers and developers to examine 
the code and it's suitability for a commercial project as well as to encourage 
the growth of the code base and the number of developers that are familiar 
with, and available to extend the application for interested clients.

It also allows organizations a way to implement the code on their own servers 
if they are interested in hosting it outside of our managed environment. 
This is allowed as long as they are not reselling hosted accounts or repackaging
the code for sale.  We encourage developers that would like to sell hosted 
solutions to their clients to explore either our resellers license, or our 
partnership program which is designed to leverage our experience maintaining 
the application and the availability of the newest code base as new features 
are implemented.

Those who would like to extend it's functionality under a suitable open source 
license are free to do so as long as they maintain an open source license with 
the new application they've forked and make all their code freely available to 
the community.

If you derive commercial benefits from this software such as reselling it as is 
or in an extended or repackaged form, or by operating a software as a service 
hosting solution with it, we require that you either purchase a commercial 
license for it, or use our partner program to host your solution on our 
XLsuite.com service.

You can find out more about our license options by visiting http://xlsuite.com/license

Information about our partner program can be found at http://xlsuite.com/partners

h1. The Company

XLsuite is a product of iXLd Media Inc, a Vancouver based company whose main 
focus is developing XLsuite and implementing it in various vertical markets. 
Besides having a crack team of rails coders we are skilled at product and
domain development, web strategy and Search Engine Optimization, all of which
have been "baked in" to the XLsuite foundation.

We believe in Win/Win relationships, the power of open source, clear 
communication and hard work.  We don't like negative people and we're selective 
about the projects we take on and the people we work with.


h1. Core Team

The core application was first developed by "François Beausoleil":http://blog.teksol.info.
The other core team members include Harman Sandjaja and Spencer Shek programming with Ruby.
Ionut Maxim working on design and Madalin Sandu working on CSS and JS implementations.

I am "Riel Roussopoulos":http://www.linkedin.com/in/djriel, CEO of iXLd Media Inc.
